Release notes and attribute update for MTV 2.11.3 (#896)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/new-features-and-enhancements-2-11.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
{project-first} 2.11 introduces the following features and enhancements.

Configuring a custom ServiceAccount for all MTV pods now supported::

> {project-short} 2.11.3 supports configuring a custom `ServiceAccount` for all {project-short} pods, including CDI pods. This feature supports migrating workloads that are run under specific service accounts with well-defined RBAC roles. This new feature ensures {project-short} can access storage backends, pull secrets, or perform API calls that require a dedicated ServiceAccount with specific permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a custom `ServiceAccount` object for all {project-short} pods, including CDI pods. This enhancement supports migrating workloads that run under specific service accounts with well-defined RBAC roles. As a result, {project-short} can access storage backends, pull secrets, or perform API calls that require a dedicated `ServiceAccount` object with specific permissions.
```

* New Feature Structure: The original draft lacked the required structure for new features and enhancements. The Red Hat Supplementary Style Guide mandates a specific format: describe the feature from the user's point of view, explain the reason it was implemented, and state the result ("<Feature, enhancement>. <Reason>. As a result, <result>."). This change ombines your repetitive "This feature supports" and "This new feature ensures" sentences into this cleaner flow.

* Heading Requirement: Added a sentence-style capitalization heading, which is required to introduce each release note so customers can quickly scan the document.

* User Focus vs. Product Focus: Changed "{project-short} 2.11.3 supports configuring..." to "You can configure...". The IBM Style Guide emphasizes focusing on the user and their actions rather than anthropomorphizing the product or focusing on what the product does. Also, it is best practice to omit the specific patch version in the text body unless absolutely necessary, as it can cause maintenance issues later.

* Kubernetes Object Formatting: The original text inconsistently referenced ServiceAccount and "service accounts". The Red Hat SSG states that when referring generally to Kubernetes components, you should use lowercase (e.g., "service accounts"). When referring to a specific API object, you must follow the capitalization of the component name and apply monospace formatting, such as adding the word "object" after it (e.g., "ServiceAccount object").

Author: @anarnold97 I didn't see a suggestion for the heading, but I modified it based on the comments here. Is it too close to the first sentence of the note?

[role="_abstract"]
{project-first} 2.11 introduces the following features and enhancements.

You can configure a custom `ServiceAccount` object for all MTV pods::

You can configure a custom `ServiceAccount` object for all {project-short} pods, including CDI pods. This enhancement supports migrating workloads that are run under specific service accounts with well-defined RBAC roles. As a result, feature {project-short} can access storage backends, pull secrets, or perform API calls that require a dedicated `ServiceAccount` object with specific permissions.
+
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MTV-4722[MTV-4722]

You can define which VMs in a plan are attached to a shared disk::

> In a single migration plan, you can define which VMs share a disk. This enhancement eliminates the need to create two migration plans when migrating shared disks: one where all VMs share a disk, and another where none do. This option lets you streamline the process for migrating shared disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a single migration plan, you can define which VMs share a disk. This enhancement eliminates the need to create two migration plans when migrating shared disks: one where all VMs share a disk and another where none do. This option lets you streamline the process for migrating shared disks.
```
